---
date: Fall 2018
title: 'Course Title'
subtitle: 'Final Examination'

author: 'Prof. Fink'
affiliation: 'Elon Law School'

mainfont: 'Cormorant Garamond'
scfont: 'Cormorant SC'
sansfont: 'Proza Libre'
monofont: Cousine
titlefont: 'Proza Libre Bold'
fontsize: 11pt

geometry: hmarginratio=1:1,top=1in,bottom=0.7in,left=1.25in,right=1.25in
setspace: singlespacing
indent: false
secnumdepth: 0

output: 
  pdf_document:
    latex_engine: xelatex
    template: exam.latex
    
---

\thispagestyle{empty}

# Instructions 

- This is a take-home examination. There are no restrictions on the use of any  materials, but you should be able to answer the questions based on the assigned readings from the Casebook and class discussions. You may discuss the problem with other students, but the answers you submit must be your own work. 

- The exam consists of NUMBER questions. You must answer each question. There is no page or word limit on the length of your answers. 

- Your completed exam is **due DATE & TIME**. Submit a hard copy (printed in 12pt type or larger, or neatly handwritten) of your completed exam (including this page with the Honor Pledge) to Janet Wright (Law School 2nd Floor Faculty Suite). 

 - Include your Final Exam ID number at the top of each page (i.e. in the header of the document if you use Word, Google Docs, etc.) of your completed exam. **Do not write your name anywhere on the exam.**

- In the space below, write out the Elon Law School Honor Pledge and sign with your Final Exam ID number _(not your name)_. 


# Instructions 


\newpage
\setcounter{page}{0}
\pagenumbering{arabic}
\setcounter{page}{2}

### Question 1



## Honor Pledge

”On my honor, I will uphold the values of Elon University School of Law: honesty, integrity, responsibility, and respect.”

\bigskip

\bigskip

\hrule

\bigskip

\bigskip

\hrule

\bigskip

\bigskip

\hrule

\bigskip

\bigskip

\hrule

\bigskip

\bigskip

\hrule

\bigskip

\bigskip

**Exam ID Number:** \bigskip \rule{3cm}{0.4pt}

\newpage
\setcounter{page}{0}
\pagenumbering{arabic}
\setcounter{page}{1}

# Facts 

# Questions 

## Question 1 
